AsyncOpen & AutoOpen property Wrappers (#7329)
realm/realm-cocoa: CHANGELOG.md

x.y.z Release notes (yyyy-MM-dd)
=============================================================
### Enhancements

> 

Reviewer: Extra new line

* Add two new property wrappers for opening a Realm asynchronously in a 
  SwiftUI View:
    - `AsyncOpen` is a property wrapper that initiates Realm.asyncOpen 
       for the current user, notifying the view when there is a change in Realm asyncOpen state.
    - `AutoOpen` behaves similarly to `AsyncOpen`, but in the case of no internet
       connection this will return an opened realm. 
* Add `EnvironmentValues.partitionValue`. This value can be injected into any view using one of 
  our new property wrappers `AsyncOpen` and `AutoOpen`:
  `MyView().environment(\.partitionValue, "partitionValue")`. 

### Fixed

> 

Reviewer: Extra newline

* Improve performance of calculating changesets for notifications, particularly
  for deeply nested object graphs and objects which have List or Set properties
  with small numbers of objects in the collection.
* Add two new property wrappers for opening a Realm asynchronously in a 
  SwiftUI View:

>     - `AsyncOpen` is a property wrapped that initiates Realm.asyncOpen 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - `AsyncOpen` is a property wrapper that initiates Realm.asyncOpen 
```

       for the current user, notifying the view when there is a change in Realm asyncOpen state.

>     - `AutoOpen` behaves similar to `AsyncOpen`, but in case of no internet

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - `AutoOpen` behaves similarly to `AsyncOpen`, but in the case of no internet
```

       connection this will return an opened realm. 

> * Add `EnvironmentValues.partitionValue`, this value can be injected into any view using one of 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Add `EnvironmentValues.partitionValue`. This value can be injected into any view using one of 
```

>   our new property wrappers `AsyncOpen` and `AutoOpen`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  our new property wrappers `AsyncOpen` and `AutoOpen`:
```

* `@Persisted<T?>` would crash when decoding a `null` value.
  ([#7332](https://github.com/realm/realm-cocoa/issues/7332), since v10.10.0).
* Sync user profiles now correctly persist between runs.

> * Fixed `configuration(partitionValue: AnyBSON)` will set always a nil partition value

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fix `configuration(partitionValue: AnyBSON)`. Previously, this was always a nil partition value
```
